My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
Miss Inogashira Pageant
Open to the Public
Musashino Public Hall
Thank you for coming.
Fuji TV presents an open audition...
...for the Inogashira Park image girl,
Miss Inogashira. It's about to begin.
Sorry. Hey, is everyone here?
Akiyama, Asano, Iijima--
-Don't call roll here.
-You're right.
What is he thinking?
Now we'll witness the moment
when Tomoko Nomura becomes a star...
...and study how society works.
Don't forget to cheer for her!
And Aizawa too.
Hi, everyone. Good to see you.
Hey, teacher, is it really gonna work?
Making Toroko a star?
Hey, are you listening?
Hey, stop eating snacks and sweets.
What's wrong?
Number 18 got lost between
the greenroom and here.
Look for her! Hurry up!
Wow, it starts off with a mishap!
It may be a stormy contest this year.
I got lost.
Wow, there are so many people here!
Miyabi-chan, I know you can win,
because today you're--
Don't talk to me.
I told you I cut you off.
-Sorry.
-Has number 18 shown up?
Isn't that you?
You're number 18, aren't you?
She's not here.
It's me! I'm here!
Get in line.
Everyone, when I give you a signal...
...proceed onto the stage
in a single line.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
Here are the girls.
Please come in.
Number 12, Motoko Ohashi.
Nice to be here.
Self-promotion, please.
Let's see....
My measurements are 84-55-85.
And my height is 158.
My skills are karaoke and piano.
And I like stickers very much.
-Isn't the competition fierce?
-I wonder where she goes to school.
Don't worry. With Nomura's face
and nice body, she will win easily.
Dummy! They require a self-promotion,
a song and other stuff.
That Toroko can never do
those things right.
If one's face is all that counts,
my mom would be a big star by now.
-Well, it's just an example.
-It's Aizawa's turn.
Number 13, Miyabi Aizawa.
Thank you for your consideration.
Wow, we have a very beautiful girl!
Wow, Miyabi is pretty!
When she's lit like that,
she looks like a star.
My skills are singing, acting
and playing the piano.
I haven't decided what I want to be,
but I want to contribute to society...
...and help people in need.
-I can't believe what she's saying.
-That bitch.
-She's ahead of the game.
-That's why I'm afraid of girls.
You make too much noise!
Could you go get me some juice?
This snack is too salty.
Shit!
Why do I need to act
like his apprentice? Here.
-Excuse me, young fellow.
-What? Change?
That's 150 yen. You're 30 yen short.
That bastard!
Here it is.
What took you so long?
Because I was shaking the bottle!
Tomoko is next. Murai-chan.
I thought so. You're too young
to play a trick on me.
There's Tomoko! Oh, I need you
to do me one more favor.
Num...num...number 18!
Nom....
-You're Tomoko Nomura, right?
-Yes.
What is that?
Calm down. Your P.E. class uniform
is great and crazy...
...but the first round is
a swimsuit competition.
I'm getting really embarrassed.
Oh, no. I goofed.
I will change right away!
Wow. Hey, you! Right here?
Wow, P.E. uniform swimsuit!
That's crazy!
No, it's very refreshing.
What's wrong?
Wow. Another big mishap!
A field trip?
What is he thinking, changing
the schedule without permission?
Where did they go?
The Capitol or the science museum?
A teacher like him is ridiculous!
I heard something
about a beauty contest.
I'm asking you where they went!
A beauty contest?
What the hell is he thinking?
He canceled his class and he's
teaching them about beautiful girls?
Fire him. Fire him.
He's fired! He's fired!
That girl has a serious wedgie.
Hey, teacher, Toroko is next.
Is she gonna be okay?
Unlike Miyabi who can sing well,
Toroko can't do anything right.
You just don't understand
how slow she is.
A miracle will happen
if my judgment was correct.
Miss Inogashira Pageant Open Audition
Sponsored by Fuji Television
Number 18, Tomoko Nomura.
I'm gonna sing.
One, two, three. Go!
Ah, Ee, Oo, Eh, Oh!
Ah, in a panicking ahiru
Ee, in a mischievous iruka
Oo, in a fallen usagi
Eh, in encho sensei
I knew he didn't know
what he was doing.
What kind of moron is she?
-It's like a kid's show.
-She is too much!
Is she off her rocker?
The last round is acting.
We'll take a 30-minute break.
Memorize your lines during the break.
-How's it going?
-So-so.
You're pretty cool.
The other contestants are trashy.
The level of the competition is low.
You seem like you could win.
I'm not interested.
I was invited to compete.
You just might take the trophy.
Or do you have insurance or something?
Like a deal with a production company.
I'm an amateur.
I have nothing to do with that.
If you're an amateur,
you wouldn't win.
Like I said, I don't care
if I win or not!
Then why did you participate in this?
-I told you, I was asked!
-Miyabi-chan.
If you don't wanna talk, that's fine.
I'll just talk on my own.
I was told by Onizuka-sensei to compete
without thinking it through.
But I really want Miyabi-chan
to win. Really.
So?
So, I'll be cheering for you.
Good luck.
I don't need you to wish me luck.
I'm sure I'll win.
You're right. You will win.
Don't come near me, you trash can!
Now I think I should
memorize my lines.
I'm sorry.
Staff Only
Do Not Enter
You were always shining.
You were....
I can't do it.
I can't memorize at all.
Always.... I was watching you....
-Teacher!
-So how's it going?
There are difficult Chinese characters,
and I can't memorize them.
-I also couldn't sing well.
-Really? I could feel your passion.
I can't do it.
I appreciate your effort to change
a stupid person like me, but....
-Don't say that. That F-cup-sized--
-Let me go home now.
You mean, in that outfit?
I don't wanna go back
to the greenroom.
Miyabi doesn't talk to me anymore.
Talk to her one more time
from the stage.
You said you'd follow
my directions, right?
-Continue the audition.
-But I--
You'll be fine. Just be yourself.
Miss Inogashira Pageant
Acting Exercise Script
-Thank you very much.
-Thank you. Nice acting.
Next person. Take this, please.
The next contestant,
please come on out.
She will act out Scene 3.
Take it away.
Number 13, Miyabi Aizawa. Thank you.
-Look how they love her.
-She's already a star.
A room key? It's right there.
You can keep it. I don't care.
-She's just like an actress.
-She'll definitely win.
Hey, Murai, listen.
What? Now? I haven't decided yet.
Since it's a beautiful day,
I was going to do some cleaning.
Like I said, I'm not worried about it
anymore. Things like this happen.
Yeah, that's right. Don't worry.
Call me again.
Talk to you later. Bye.
That was unbelievable acting
for a 14-year-old!
-Thank you very much.
-Give her another round of applause!
What a corny script. It's a joke!
Now the next contestant, please.
Stay here and wait, please.
Here, I went to buy it.
Are you happy now?
Okay, okay.
I'm not doing anymore favors!
-Murai, let me use your cell phone.
-What? My cell phone?
Now, the last performance
of today's open audition.
Number 18, Tomoko Nomura.
Please come on out.
What is that? I'm embarrassed to be
in the same audition as that dork.
-See? Toroko is a failure.
-Miyabi will certainly win.
She is collecting herself. She will
act out Scene 2. Take it away.
I can't do it.
I knew I couldn't act.
Nomura!
Hey, it's embarrassing!
Hurry up and sit down!
Hey, what are you doing
with my cell phone?
Nomura!
Show them your true self.
Teacher.
You're so embarrassing!
-Let's pretend we don't know him.
-We're strangers.
1. Press here
2. Then Here
Hi, this is the Aizawa residence.
We're out now.
Receiving call
Leave a message after the beep.
I was always watching you.
You were always shining.
It made me happy.
That's why I was always following you.
It's not from the script.
I wanted you to talk to me.
But no matter how fast I ran,
I couldn't catch up with you.
I knew that from the beginning...
...but all I wanted was to talk
with you with a smile.
I don't know when this whole thing
turned into such a mess.
It was fun to be with you.
We had plenty of time together.
No matter what my problem was,
whenever I talked with you...
...it disappeared right away.
You're smart and cool
and you're always dependable.
You are my favorite.
But I can never catch up with you.
Never mind. I'll just
watch you from a distance.
So don't mind me.
I'll take care of myself somehow.
But I have one favor to ask of you.
I want you to be always smiling...
...because you're...
...you're my favorite friend.
My favorite friend.
Now, goodbye.
Congratulations on the special award.
-Let me take your picture!
-Can we have an interview?
-Do you have an agent?
-I'm just a....
I'm the winner. I can't stand it!
-Toroko was awesome.
-I was so moved!
She got cards from TV companies.
She may get her start
in show business.
I'm impressed Onizuka could see
such talent in Toroko.
Onizuka's not bad.
-Where's Miyabi?
-She went home.
Maybe she's shocked
she came in second.
Phone cards, posters, dolls.
All kinds of Tomoko Nomura goods.
Tomoko Nomura Premium Goods
Direct Sales
You bastard,
when did you make all these?
Shut your mouth and help. If we sell
enough, I'll buy you a cell phone.
You gave mine to Toroko
without permission!
I've been looking....
Oh, crap!
Fuyutsuki-chan, what are you doing here?
Oh, you wanted to witness
Nomura becoming a star!
No, that's not it.
-You're here too, Vice Principal.
-Bastard! This is unheard of!
Please calm down. I'm sure
Onizuka-sensei had his own idea.
How? He doesn't think! Why is he
selling such things to begin with?
Teacher, are you all right?
Why don't you drink this
and catch your breath?
You can't trick me!
He bought that drink.
It's been a long time
since I shook it!
You bastard, what did you say?
You're fired!
I want you to be always smiling.
Because you're my favorite friend.
My favorite friend.
Now, goodbye.
Good sale. We'd have sold more
if that baldy hadn't shown up.
Teacher, thank you so much for today.
You sound so stiff and polite.
Because you went to
all that trouble for me.
I heard from Kikuchi
that you helped me...
...because you felt bad
about me having no friends.
So I don't know what to say,
but I really appreciate--
You're being silly. I didn't do
anything. That was your own doing.
Besides, I made money thanks to you.
Teacher.
Kikuchi told me that
this would make you happy.
It's the only way
I can return the favor.
You silly thing. Do you think
that small thing will make me happy?
If you want to please me,
you need to do...
...something like this!
What is that? A dirty butt!
-What's he doing?
-It's his way of hiding embarrassment.
It could be....
It could be that
school might get fun like before...
...because we have him
as our homeroom teacher.
You brat!
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
Next Episode
I was thinking I should get a license.
-Don't be afraid. Be courageous.
-Get ready!
Keep on acting silly, Onizuka.
Very soon my world will be perfect.